at this also my heart trembles and leaps
at this also my heart trembles and leaps from its place here attentively the
from its place here attentively the
from its place here attentively the thunder of his voice and the rumbling
thunder of his voice and the rumbling
thunder of his voice and the rumbling that comes from his mouth
that comes from his mouth
that comes from his mouth he sends it forth under the whole heaven
he sends it forth under the whole heaven
he sends it forth under the whole heaven his lightning to the ends of the earth
his lightning to the ends of the earth
his lightning to the ends of the earth after it a voice roars he thunders with
after it a voice roars he thunders with
after it a voice roars he thunders with his majestic voice and he does not
his majestic voice and he does not
his majestic voice and he does not restrain them when his voice is heard
restrain them when his voice is heard
restrain them when his voice is heard God thunders marvelously with his voice
God thunders marvelously with his voice
God thunders marvelously with his voice he does great things which we cannot
he does great things which we cannot
he does great things which we cannot comprehend for he says to the snow fall
comprehend for he says to the snow fall
comprehend for he says to the snow fall on the earth likewise to the gentle rain
on the earth likewise to the gentle rain
on the earth likewise to the gentle rain and the heavy rain of his strength he
and the heavy rain of his strength he
and the heavy rain of his strength he seals the hand of every man that all men
seals the hand of every man that all men
seals the hand of every man that all men may know his work the beasts
may know his work the beasts
may know his work the beasts go into dens and remain in their lairs
go into dens and remain in their lairs
go into dens and remain in their lairs from the chamber of the south comes the
from the chamber of the south comes the
from the chamber of the south comes the whirlwind and cold from the scattering
whirlwind and cold from the scattering
whirlwind and cold from the scattering winds of the north by the breath of God
winds of the north by the breath of God
winds of the north by the breath of God ice is given and the broad waters are
ice is given and the broad waters are
ice is given and the broad waters are frozen also with moisture he saturates
frozen also with moisture he saturates
frozen also with moisture he saturates the thick clouds he scatters his bright
the thick clouds he scatters his bright
the thick clouds he scatters his bright clouds and they swirl about being turned
clouds and they swirl about being turned
clouds and they swirl about being turned by his guidance that they may do
by his guidance that they may do
by his guidance that they may do whatever he commands them on the face of
whatever he commands them on the face of
whatever he commands them on the face of the whole earth he causes it to come
the whole earth he causes it to come
the whole earth he causes it to come whether for correction or for his land
whether for correction or for his land
whether for correction or for his land or for mercy listen to this o job stand
or for mercy listen to this o job stand
or for mercy listen to this o job stand still and consider the wondrous works of
still and consider the wondrous works of
still and consider the wondrous works of God do you know when God dispatches them
God do you know when God dispatches them
God do you know when God dispatches them and causes the light of his cloud to
and causes the light of his cloud to
and causes the light of his cloud to shine do you know how the clouds are
shine do you know how the clouds are
shine do you know how the clouds are balanced those wondrous works of him who
balanced those wondrous works of him who
balanced those wondrous works of him who is perfect and knowledge
is perfect and knowledge
is perfect and knowledge why are your garments hot when he quiets
why are your garments hot when he quiets
why are your garments hot when he quiets the earth by the Southwind with him have
the earth by the Southwind with him have
the earth by the Southwind with him have you spread out the skies strong as a
you spread out the skies strong as a
you spread out the skies strong as a cast metal mirror teach us what we
cast metal mirror teach us what we
cast metal mirror teach us what we should say to him for we can prepare
should say to him for we can prepare
should say to him for we can prepare nothing because of the darkness
nothing because of the darkness
nothing because of the darkness should he be told that I wish to speak
should he be told that I wish to speak
should he be told that I wish to speak if a man were to speak surely he would
if a man were to speak surely he would
if a man were to speak surely he would be swallowed up even now men cannot look
be swallowed up even now men cannot look
be swallowed up even now men cannot look at the light when it is bright in the
at the light when it is bright in the
at the light when it is bright in the skies when the wind has passed and
skies when the wind has passed and
skies when the wind has passed and cleared them he comes from the north as
cleared them he comes from the north as
cleared them he comes from the north as golden splendor with God his awesome
golden splendor with God his awesome
golden splendor with God his awesome majesty as for the Almighty we cannot
majesty as for the Almighty we cannot
majesty as for the Almighty we cannot find him he is excellent in power in
find him he is excellent in power in
find him he is excellent in power in judgment and abundant justice he does
judgment and abundant justice he does
judgment and abundant justice he does not oppress therefore men fear him he
not oppress therefore men fear him he
not oppress therefore men fear him he shows no partiality to any who are wise
shows no partiality to any who are wise
shows no partiality to any who are wise of heart
of heart
of heart [Music]